What is exciting about ML?
I am absolutely stoked about this opportunity to learn more about and hopefully become a Machine Learning developer. I love puzzles, and to me writing algorithms and coding is like solving an elaborate puzzle. Having two BS degrees and applied mathematics and physics allows me to be able to comprehend the technical parts of the problem, but I feel like logic and intuition plays just as big of a role in coming up open the solution. I grew up thinking that my career path will be in the arts as I have always loved to be creative, drawing and painting, crafting and building in various media. And when I eventually switched directions to math I noticed just how much that way of inventive of the box thinking actually applies to fundamental sciences as well. Being an artist I love to create. And machine learning and artificial intelligence are fields of unbound opportunity to do just that. As of right now, I don’t foresee myself ever having kids, but I think creating something that can learn and evolve in a way a human can would be an incredible feat. As a machine learning developer one can truly bestow a part of themselves into something of unlimited potential and I would be proud to be a part of this field of study.

What do you think the best job opportunities are in ML?
As machine learning is currently gaining momentum at an exponential rate, there are very few fields I can think of that either do not already employ some form of machine learning or would not immediately benefit from it. I think the best job opportunities as of right now are in user experience research with the big companies such as Amazon and Google, as well as self-driving vehicles. But I think that in the next decade we will see a lot of progress in the areas such as the internet of things that would simplify and improve most aspects of our daily lives.

What do you think you need to do to make yourself employable in ML?
I believe coming up with a great portfolio is a good starting point, as well as doing a lot of mock interviews. I have always had trouble with public speaking, so selling myself may be a bit difficult, and I think I would rather have my work speak for itself.

What dangers are there in studying ML?
The danger of studying machine learning, aside from machines taking over, is of course carpal tunnel.

Are there moral or ethical considerations that you will be responsible for?
We would certainly have to place some kind of moral and ethical standards in place for machines to follow. Just as with anything we create that will learn and grow, we are responsible for ensuring it makes the best decisions. Of course, what is “best” would first have to be clearly defined in terms of what the ultimate goal is.
